Fix invalid link to Analyzer Configuration.md (#79827)
dotnet/roslyn: src/RoslynAnalyzers/PublicApiAnalyzers/PublicApiAnalyzers.Help.md

dotnet_public_api_analyzer.require_api_files = true
```

> See [Analyzer Configuration.md](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn-analyzers/blob/main/docs/Analyzer%20Configuration.md) for more details on how to setup editorconfig based configuration.

Reviewer: The documentation we were linking to didn't seem terribly relevant to the PublicApiAnalyzers. Perhaps it would be better to link to the MS docs on configuring analysis.

```suggestion
See [Configuration options for code analysis](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/fundamentals/code-analysis/configuration-options) for more details on how to setup editorconfig based configuration.
```
